Fix broken links in README (#899)
paritytech/cumulus: README.md

## Consensus

> [`cumulus-consensus`](https://github.com/paritytech/cumulus/tree/master/client/consensus) is a

Author: Actually, shouldn't this be: https://github.com/paritytech/cumulus/blob/master/client/consensus/common/src/parachain_consensus.rs and renamed to `parachain-consensus` ?

Reviewer: Sounds sensible.

> [`cumulus-consensus`](https://github.com/paritytech/cumulus/tree/master/client/consensus) is a

Author: ```suggestion
[`parachain-consensus`](https://github.com/paritytech/cumulus/blob/master/client/consensus/common/src/parachain_consensus.rs) is a
```

## Collator

A Polkadot [collator](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/learn-collator) for the parachain is

> implemented by [`cumulus-collator`](https://github.com/paritytech/cumulus/tree/master/client/collator).

Reviewer: I think this was maybe more about the `polkadot-collator` binary.

Author: ```suggestion
implemented by the `polkadot-collator` binary.
```
